Mention defaulting to BuildKit (#12505)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/release-notes.md

- The Docker Dashboard displays a tip once a week.
- Docker Desktop uses iTerm2 to launch the terminal on the container if it is installed. Otherwise, it launches the default Terminal.App. [docker/roadmap#98](https://github.com/docker/roadmap/issues/98)
- Add experimental support to use the new Apple Virtualization framework (requires macOS Big Sur 11.1 or later)

> - BuildKit is now the default builder for all users, not just new installations. It can still be turned off under **Preferences** > **Docker Engine** with a block like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BuildKit is now the default builder for all users, not just for new installations. To turn this setting off, go to **Preferences** > **Docker Engine** and add the following block to the Docker daemon configuration file:
```

> - BuildKit is now the default builder for all users, not just new installations. It can still be turned off under **Preferences** > **Docker Engine** with a block like

Reviewer 2: We already started using BuildKit as default in version 3.0.0.
Should we move that more down to the 3.0.0 chapter?

Author: It was the default for new installations in 2.4 (and it's documented there). I believe it only became the default for existing users in 3.2.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```
